Azure.ResourceManager.Terraform v1.1.0: Add Exclusion Filters, Authorization Scope Filter, and API Version Update (#50712)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/terraform/Azure.ResourceManager.Terraform/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

> ## 1.1.0-beta.1 (2025-06-19)

Reviewer: we have never released 1.0.0 therefore the next available version for release should be `1.0.0-beta.2`. Please change the version number back.

Author: Fixed

### Features Added

- **Support for Exclusion Filters in Export Operations**:

>   - Added `ExcludeAzureResource` and `ExcludeTerraformResource` properties to export parameter models,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added `AzureResourcesToExclude` and `TerraformResourcesToExclude` properties to export parameter models,
```

Author: Fixed
